[Music]
ten truly unique animals you won't
believe exist we live in the 21st
century and all continents have already
been discovered all secrets of our
planet revealed all mountain peaks
conquered but nature is truly full of
surprises just when you think you have
seen it all
some new bizarre creature makes an
appearance instantly restoring your
faith in the impossible bright side has
prepared for you a selection of ten
strange animals that you have probably
never heard of let alone ever met and at
the end you'll find a bonus that will
blow your mind
number ten Mangalitsa pig
aka a pig in sheep's clothing the
birthplace of this curly-haired Pig is
Hungary where it was discovered in the
mid 19th century due to the fleece
covering this animal it resembles a
sheep therefore its name the fleece can
be black or red but these cuties are
most commonly blond this is the last Pig
in existence to boast such an amazing
winter coat tragically it was nearly
extinct by the 1990s when fewer than 200
pigs could be found in Hungary all
because of their extra ordinarily tasty
lard thankfully nowadays the future of
mangu lista looks much brighter number 9
rhino Pittacus or golden snub-nosed
monkey the name of this species is rock
Solana and there is a story behind it it
is believed that they recalled this way
after the supposedly snub-nosed
courtesan of Suleiman the Magnificent a
16th century Sultan of the Ottoman
Empire another interesting thing is the
difference between male and female
monkeys with males being twice heavier
than females and of a different color
girls have darker or even black tones on
their forehead and upper parts
infants have such a light coat it may
seem white in the sunlight number eight
Emperor tamarin this guy looks like a
real emperor or at least a wise old man
with its fabulous moustache and indeed
they were called like this because of
the resemblance of their moustache to
that of german emperor wilhelm ii the
size of this cute little thing is only
about 10 inches or 26 centimeters but
their tale can be up to 16 inches or 40
centimetres long they live in groups of
between 4 to 20 animals and often give
birth to twins then other members of the
family help to look after the babies
they are not completely vegetarian
besides flowers nectar and fruit
tamarins can feast on frogs snails and
even small birds number 7 Patagonian
Mara if you are wondering if this animal
is a cross between a kangaroo and a hare
think again Patagonia Mara is the fourth
largest rodent on our planet there are
several interesting facts about them
females often put offsprings into
crashes for safety males help to guard
their babies they grunt when they try to
threaten and also they squeal like
guinea pigs
if you startle them these animals can
leap up to 6 feet or 182 centimeters in
the air what's your record jump as for
their character well they can be quite
flighty
number six fluffy cow in fact there are
several secrets surrounding these big
plush toys first of all it's not a new
breed all these lovely cows belong to
the breeds already known the thing is
they are looked after by special people
whose work it is to wash dry and use
products to style the animals so they
look as fluffy as they do what is more
it is necessary to maintain them daily
and it will take months of regular
grooming till they get this lovely look
of kids toys it is done mostly for shows
and it typically takes about two hours
to bring them into form before a
performance hair sprays are used to fix
their fuzz and natural oils are applied
to make their fur look shiny how much
time do you spend in front of the mirror
number five mark hoard goat if you see a
creature which looks as if it's trying
to catch an alien radio signal from
space it's most likely a mark or goat
they can grow as long as six feet or 180
centimeters from head to tail what is
even more shocking is that their horns
can grow up to 5.2 feet or 1.6 meters
long but that's only true for males
which use their horns for fighting
during the mating season
female horns grow only up to ten inches
or 25 centimeters long they are strict
vegans if we can say so they eat leaves
grass fruit and flowers
[Music]
number four raccoon dog if you can't
decide if you want to have a dog or a
raccoon as a pet we have just the thing
for you a raccoon dog despite having
raccoon like markings on their fur they
are not very closely related to the
North American raccoon they're much
closer relatives are domesticated dogs
wolves and foxes raccoon dogs are
monogamous which means they mate for
life and a pair of them works together
raising and bringing up their kids when
the female is pregnant the partner
brings food for her and flowers but
nobody has seen it so it might not be
true raccoon dogs are unique creatures
they are the only mammals of the dog
family which go into short periods of
hibernation and what is even more
amazing they choose to bed down in pairs
and their voices are just so cute number
three the blue footed boobie these
charismatic birds are sure to catch your
eye if you ever visit the Galapagos
Islands they can look a bit clumsy and
comical on land but they are excellent
at flying and swimming the birds have
funny and complicated mating rituals to
attract a female males perform some
dance with the elements of high-stepping
stamping their feet and sky pointing
raising their bill up into the air
accompanied with high-pitched whistling
if a female is impressed enough she may
come up to the male touch him with her
bill and join the dance and their blue
feet have an actual scientific
explanation it comes from the birds fish
diet and indicates their healthy immune
system and what about the colour of your
feet
[Music]
number two the Malayan colugo these eyes
probably see a lot and seem to find
everything surprising
it's the Malayan colugo also known as
the flying lemur and both of these
things are wrong it doesn't fly nor is
it a lemur yeah this happens all the
time the name-calling went wrong thing
so why such a name colugo has a large
gliding membrane like a flying squirrel
and they can glide for long distances
between trees standing far apart the
paradox with these small animals which
typically weigh between two and a half
to four and a half pounds or one to two
kilograms is that though they live in
trees they are awkward climbers and not
very strong hard life they must have
poor things number one venezuelan poodle
moth this moth was only discovered in
2009 and doesn't it look like a furry
poodle mammals need hairs to keep their
body heat but insects are cold-blooded
and even if the poodle moth may look as
if it lives in Antarctica with all this
fur it in fact comes from Venezuela a
tropical country its hairs don't serve
for heating most insects have hairs for
protection or smelling and sensing the
environment perhaps it's true about the
poodle moth as well but as it is a very
new discovery not much is known about
this insect yet so is it cuddly we can
only guess but the chances are high that
it's not as cuddly as you wish it were
and here's our incredible bonus cloud
antelope
this species lives in the clouds that's
why such a name it's bright blue fur is
the reflection of cloudless blue skies
in the area of its habitat and it's diet
consists of sunrays and candies and do
you believe it neither do we it's a
fantastic toy made by cm wyvern but can
we just dream about it being an actual
living creature for a little bit don't
forget to hit the like button below the
video and click subscribe to join us on
the bright side of life